trussell@d49.org
Case Projects

Case 2-1:
	You have been hired to upgrade a network of 50 computers currently connected to 10 Mbps hubs.
	This long-overdue upgrade is necessary because of poor network response time.
	Caused by multiple collisions occurring during long file transfers between clients, and servers.
	What interconnecting devices might you use to fix this problem?

Case 2-2:
	Two-hundred workstations, and four servers on a single LAN connected by a number of switches.
	There is an excessive number of broadcast packages throuhout the LAN.
	What should be done to decrease the broadcast traffic?

Case 2-3:
	Physical vs. Logical topology.
	Bus topology.
	Star topology.
	Ring topology.
	Ethernet and CSMA/CD.

Review Questions
Question One:
	Which of the following is a limitations of early networks that used a daisy-chain method of connecting computers?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) Total number of computers that could be connected.
	b) The processing of computers that could be connected.
	c) Cable length.
	d) No internet access.

Question Two:
	Which of thre following is true of a repeater?
	a) Receives frames and forwards them.
	b) Determines which network to send a packet.
	c) Receives bit signals and strengthens them.
	d) Has a burned-in MAC address for each port.

Question Three:
	Which of the following is true of a hub?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) Usually has just two ports.
	b) Transmits regenerated signals to all connected ports.
	c) Usually has four or more ports.
	d) Works with MAC addresses.

Question Four:
	Which of the following is the unit of measurement by which a hub's bandwidth is usually specified?
	a) Bytes per second.
	b) Bits per second.
	c) Packets per second.
	d) Bytes per minute.

Question Five:
	Which of the following describes how devices connected to a hub use the speed at which the hub can transmit data?
	a) Bandwidth optimization.
	b) Bandwidth dedication.
	c) Bandwidth sharing.
	d) Bandwidth multiplier.

Question Six:
	Which of the following is a likely indicator light on a hub?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) CRC error.
	b) Link status.
	c) Connection speed.
	d) Activity.
	e) Signal strength.

Question Seven:
	Which of the following describes how devices connected to a switch use the speed at which the switch can transmit data?
	a) Dedicated bandwidth.
	b) Half-duplex bandwidth.
	c) Half-scale bandwidth.
	d) Shared bandwidth.

Question Eight:
	Which does a switch use to create its switching table?
	a) Source IP addresses.
	b) Destination logical addresses.
	c) Destination physical addresses.
	d) Source MAC addresses.

Question Nine:
	What purpose does the timestamp serve in a switching table?
	a) Tells the switch when to forward a frame.
	b) Tells the switch how long to wait for a response.
	c) Tells the switch when to delete an entry.
	d) Tells the switch how long it has been running.

Question Ten:
	What feature of a switch allows devices to effectively communicate a 200 Mbps on a 100 Mbps witch?
	a) Uplink port.
	b) Full-duplex mode.
	c) Shared bandwidth.
	d) Bit strengthening.
	e) Frame doubling.
	f) Signal regeneration.

Question Eleven:
	To which device is a wireless access point most similar in how it operates?
	a) Hub.
	b) Switch.
	c) NIC.
	d) Router.

Question Twelve:
	What's the purpose of an RTS signal in wireless networking?
	a) It allows tha AP to request which device is the transmitting station.
	b) It allows the AP to tell all stations that it's ready to transmit data.
	c) It allows a client to notify the AP that it's ready to send data.
	d) It allows a client to request data from the AP.

Question Thirteen:
	Which of the following is a comon operational speed of a wireless network?
	a) 10 Kbps.
	b) 110 Gbps.
	c) 600 Kbps.
	d) 11 Mbps.

Question Fourteen:
	Which of the following is a task peroformed by a NIC and its driver?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) Provides a connection to the network medium.
	b) Converts bit signals into frames for transmission on the medium.
	c) Receives packets from the network protocol and creates frames.
	d) Adds a header before sending a frame to the network protocol.
	e) Adds error-checking data to the frame.

Question Fifteen:
	Which of the following best describes a MAC address?
	a) A 24-bit number expressed as a 12 decimal digits.
	b) Two 24-bit numbers in which one is the OUI.
	c) A 48-bit number composed of 12 octal digits.
	d) A dotted decimal number burned into the NIC.

Question Sixteen:
	Under which circumstances does a NIC allow inbound communications to pass through the interface?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) The source MAC address is the broadcast address.
	b) The destination MAC address matches the built-in MAC address.
	c) The destination MAC address is all binary 1s.
	d) The NIC is operating in exclusive mode.

Question Seventeen:
	How does a protocol analyzer capture all frames?
	a) It configures the NIC to capture only unicast frames.
	b) It sets all incoming destination addresses to be broadcasts.
	c) It configures the NIC to operate in promiscuous mode.
	d) It sets the exclusive mode option on the NIC.
	e) It caputers only multicast frames.

Question Eighteen:
	In Windows 7, which of the following displays information about currently installed NICs?
	a) Network Connections.
	b) NICs and Drivers.
	c) Local Area Networks.
	d) Computers and Devices.

Question Nineteen:
	Which of the following is the purpose of an SSID?
	a) Assigns an address to a wireless NIC.
	b) Acts as a unique name for a local area connection.
	c) Acts as a security key for securing a network.
	d) Identifies a wireless network.

Question Twenty:
	Which of the following describe the function of routers?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) Forward frames from one network to another.
	b) Connect LANS.
	c) Attach computers to the internetwork.
	d) Work with packets and IP addresses.

Question Twenty-One:
	What information is found in a routing table?
	a) Computer names and IP addresses.
	b) Network addresses and interfaces.
	c) MAC addresses and ports.
	d) IP addresses and MAC addresses.

Question Twenty-Two:
	You currently have 15 switches with an average of 2o stations connected to each switch.
	The switches are connected to one another so that all 300 computers can communicater with each other in a single LAN.
	You have been detecting a high percentage of broadcast frames on this LAN.
	You think the number of the broadcast might be having an impact on network performance.
	What should you do?
	a) Connect the switches in groups of five, and connect each group of switches to a central hub.
	b) Upgrade the switches to a faster speed.
	c) Reorganize the network into smaller groups and connect each group to a router.
	d) Disable broadcast forwarding on the switches.

Question Twenty-Three:
	Review the routing table to find where will the packet with source network number 1.0 and the destination network 3.0?
	[  Routing Table     ]
	|Network  | Interface|
        |1.0      | EthA     |
	|2.0      | WAN A    |
	|3.0      | WAN B    |

	a) EthA.
	b) WAN A.
	c) WAN B.
	d) None of the above.

Question Twenty-Four:
	If a router receives a packet with a destination network address unknown to the router what will the router do?
	a) Send the packet out to all interfaces.
	b) Discard the packet.
	c) Add the destination network to its routing table.
	d) Query the network for the destination network.

Question Twenty-Five:
	Whic of the following is true about routers?
	( Choose all that apply. )
	a) Forward broadcasts.
	b) Use default routers for unknown network addresses.
	c) Forward unicasts.
	d) Used primarily to connect workstations.
