Assignemnt: Protect your Home Network!
 Students, all of you are network experts, therefore your parents and grandparents are depending on you to use your skill aand expertise to protect your home network.
I have a list of 27 precautions you should take - here they are:

 Personal Computing Device Recommendations:
  1. Migrate to a Modern Operating System and Hardware Platform.
  2. Install a comprehensive Security Suite.
  3. Limit use of the administrator Account.
  4. Use the Web Browser with Sandboxing Capabilities.
  5. Use a PDF Reader with Sandboxing Capabilities.
  6. Update Application Software.
  7. Implement Full disk Encryption.
  8. Download software from only trusted resources.
 Network Recommendation:
  1. Configure a flexible home network.
  2. Disable Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6) tunneling.
  3. Provide Firewall Capabilities.
  4. Iplement WPA2 on the wireless network.
  5. Limit Administration to the Internal network.
  6. Implement an alternate DNS provider.
  7. Implement stron passwords on all network devices.
 Home Entertainment Device Recommendations:
  1. Protect the device within the network.
  2. Use strong passwords for service accounts.
  3. Disconnect when not in use.
 Internet Behavior Recommendation:
  1. Exercise caution when assessing public hotspots.
  2. Do not exchange home and work content.
  3. Be cognizant of device trust levels.
  4. Be wary of storing personal information, and the Internet.
  5. Take precautions on Social Networking Sites.
  6. Enable the use of SSL encryption.
  7. Follow email and best practices.
  8. Protect passwords.
  9. Avoid posting photos with GPS Coodinates.
  
 Your mission is to research these precautions and make an instructional document.
 Write at least a paragraph on each of these (27) steps. This is a project that will
 count as a test, so take your time and make a document that 12 year old and a
 grandmother can understand. You have two weeks to produce this document make
 sure you do a great job.
 
